1.what is emmet?
-->Emmet is a web development tool for faster CSS and HTML coding.It has support for many programming environments including react in VSC
    example :  div.container>p#description and then pressing the Tab Key will generate:
                              <div className="container">
                                  <p id="description"></p>
                               </div>

2.Difference between a library and a framework?
---> Library :A library provides a set of helper functions/objects/modules which your application code calls for specific functionality
     Framework: framework is itself an application, it has a wider scope and includes almost everything necessary to make a user application as per his own needs

3.What is CDN? Why do we use it?
---->Content Delivery Networks i a set network od server distributed across various locations around the globe.It main purpose is to provide fast delivery of internet Content. We use CDN for Speed,Scalability,Reliability and security.

4.Why is React Known as React?
---> React is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces. It was developed by Facebook, and the name “React” was chosen because it is meant to help developers build user interfaces that are fast and responsive, or “reactive.” The library was designed to “react” to changes in data.
    When data in a React application changes, the components that depend on that data are automatically updated, which allows for efficient and seamless updates to the user interface. The name “React” reflects this reactive nature of the library.

5.What is crossorigin in script tag?
--->The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request.
Web pages often make requests to load resources on other servers. Here is where CORS comes in.
A cross-origin request is a request for a resource (e.g. style sheets, iframes, images, fonts, or scripts) from another domain.
CORS is used to manage cross-origin requests.
CORS stands for Cross-Origin Resource Sharing, and is a mechanism that allows resources on a web page to be requested from another domain outside their own domain. It defines a way of how a browser and server can interact to determine whether it is safe to allow the cross-origin request. CORS allows servers to specify who can access the assets on the server, among many other things.

6.What is difference  between React and ReactDOM?
--->React and ReactDOM are two seperates libraries that are often used together but have distinct rules:
    1.React: This is the  core library for building component-based user interfaces.It provide the tools to create components manage their state, and define their props.
    2.ReactDOM: This library connects  React with the DOM.It provides methods to render React components into the DOM and to update them when thie state or props changes.It also handles event handling in a way thats compatible with Reacts event system.

    In your selected code  React.DOM.createRoot is a method from reactDOM library.It creates a root on the DOM node passed as an argument (docuent.getElementById('root')),where your react application will be mounted. This is a part of the new concurrent mode APIin React.

7.What is difference between React.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
--->React.development.js: This is the development build of react. It includesExtra warnings and warnings and error messages that are helpful during development.Its not minified,so the file size larger and its slower than the production build.you should use the development for debugging purposes
    React.production.js:This is the Production build of react.Its  minified and optimized for performanceand file size. Extra development errors and warnings are strpped out.you should use tjis build in your production environment.


   